Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

As we went through a progression of learning I really found a strong case
for functions during week 3. At the beginning of the week we did functions
for fitness including a bmi, basal metabolic rate and height in meters 
calculation. Also a big part of that week was spent developing the scene.py
assignment. This required repitition in making shapes on a canvas that were 
in slightly different locations. Such as multiple circles to form a cloud
or multiple triangles to make a mountain. The use of functions made it so 
there was much easier repitition where I only had to change parameters 
rather than make fully new functions.


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

Test functions were a very fun piece for me. The value of a test function to 
me is that you can do unit tests. This means for each change of your code 
you can make new tests and test previous developments all at once. This way
as you make changes you can have the confidence that nothing is broken. 
Along with this it is extremely nice to not have to go in and manually test
your function.


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

I was extremely grateful for the learning about debugging. Prior to fully
understanding how to use the debugger I would look at the error, find the 
row there error was in, think through the code and try to identify the 
problem. Often this was a lenthy process that could be hard to narrow down
the issue unless it was a syntax error. Now I have learned more about 
debugging I almost always turn first to running my program through the
debugger and looking through the items set through the functions. It has
been pretty life changing. 

